==================
CC Deed Javascript
==================


:Author: Nathan R. Yergler <nathan@creativecommons.org>
:Organization: `Creative Commons <http://creativecommons.org>`_
:Copyright: 
   2006-2009, Nathan R. Yergler, Creative Commons; 
   licensed to the public under the `MIT license 
   <http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php>`_.

.. contents::


This package contains the Javascript application that enables the
Creative Commons license deeds to dynamically display information
regarding attribution, CC+ and CC Network.

Building
********

The Javascript delivered to end users in compressed and minified using
the `YUI Compressor <http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/compressor/>`_.  A
copy is included in the ``./lib`` directory.  The source files are
located in the ``./src`` directory.  To regenerate the combined
Javascript run::


    $ make all

This will construct ``deed.js`` and ``deed-dbg.js``, a combined,
non-minified version of the file.  The individual files may be
regenerated using the respective, cunningly named make targets
``deed.js`` and ``deed-dbg.js``.  For example::

    $ make deed.js


ld.js
*****

``ld.js`` is a set of shared code based on Web Backplane's `Ubiquity
RDFa <http://code.google.com/p/ubiquity-rdfa>`_ project.  ``ld.js``
provides an RDF Store, RDF Graph and RDF Query object with support for
`jSPARQL
<http://code.google.com/p/ubiquity-rdfa/wiki/TutorialUsingJsparql>`_.
Its primary function is providing a bridge between application
specific code (such as mta.js) and the server side proxy.  There is
barely enough original code there to have it live on its own.  Barely.

Using ld.js
-----------

Running ``make`` will generate ``ld.js`` and ``ld-dbg.js``.

``ld.js`` relies on the following YUI dependencies and expects them to
be loaded before it is loaded:

* yahoo-dom-event
* connection-core
* json

Testing
*******

CC Deed Javascript uses the `YUI Test
<http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/yuitest/>`_ framework to manage unit
and functional tests.  You can run the tests by opening
``./tests/index.html`` in your browser.  To run tests for a particular
functional area, click the name, or select *all* to run all tests.

When viewing a test page, a green square appears at the top of the
page.  The tests may be initiated by clicking *Run Tests*.  If the box
remains green, all tests passed.  If a test fails, the box will turn
red and you can check the console for the specific error message.

